---
layout: post-en
lang: en
selector: En
title: BPM for maximum productivity
description: Agility and productivity are two components of the modern enterprise. Being structural in nature, they allow for positioning at the top of the value chain in an ever more competitive society.
image: /img/workflowgen-workflow-thumbnail.png
ref: 2015-05-04-press-jdn
---	

# BPM for maximum productivity
<br/>
<br/>
(Translated from the [original French article](http://www.journaldunet.com/solutions/expert/60805/le-bpm-au-service-d-une-productivite-maximum.shtml) that appeared on Journal du Net on May 4, 2015.)
<br/>
<br/>
Agility and productivity are two components of the modern enterprise. Being structural in nature, they allow for positioning at the top of the value chain in an ever more competitive society.
<br/>
<br/>
Enterprises look for ways to increase their competitive edge by implementing innovative tools and deploying methods that allow them to position themselves as market leaders. In this context, it’s clear that technologies oriented towards dematerialization and process management play a driving role in these undertakings.
<br/>
<br/>
As an example, Business Process Management solutions allow organizations to become more agile and deploy processes internally in order to streamline operations management. As such, numerous enterprises make huge investments in these technologies because of their ability to efficiently manage specific business processes.
<br/>
<br/>
The results are almost immediate, with measurable gains in productivity. The benefits are oriented towards team members who become more productive, and towards clients who can enjoy a level of service that was previously unthinkable. Still, these gains can only be achieved when projects are brought to fruition through the collaboration of business administrators, VPs, and information systems departments.
<br/>
<br/>
This alignment of expertise allows the integration of operational elements centered on productivity and service quality into an action plan each time. BPM is thus a particularly effective technology to increase attractiveness in highly competitive markets. But don’t think BPM is just for large companies, for it also lets SMEs realize significant benefits. Indeed, solutions are now available that are designed to be rapidly put into use, namely thanks to customized business configurations.
<br/>
<br/>
All of these elements explain why BPM is a central axis in business development strategies. In this sense, the smartest players in the market put solutions in place that permit the streamlining of task follow-up by relying on business process management infrastructures. They therefore contribute to value creation and to adapting to organizational evolution and client requirements.
<br/>
<br/>
Business Process Management is thus positioned as an ally in increasing productivity and performance.

